README.md, before:

![CI logo](https://codeinstitute.s3.amazonaws.com/fullstack/ci_logo_small.png)

Welcome Gbemisola Ajebeku,

This is the Code Institute student template for deploying your third portfolio project, the Python command-line project. The last update to this file was: **August 17, 2021**

## Reminders

* Your code must be placed in the `run.py` file
* Your dependencies must be placed in the `requirements.txt` file
* Do not edit any of the other files or your code may not deploy properly

## Creating the Heroku app

When you create the app, you will need to add two buildpacks from the _Settings_ tab. The ordering is as follows:

1. `heroku/python`
2. `heroku/nodejs`

You must then create a _Config Var_ called `PORT`. Set this to `8000`

If you have credentials, such as in the Love Sandwiches project, you must create another _Config Var_ called `CREDS` and paste the JSON into the value field.

Connect your GitHub repository and deploy as normal.

## Constraints

The deployment terminal is set to 80 columns by 24 rows. That means that each line of text needs to be 80 characters or less otherwise it will be wrapped onto a second line.

-----
Happy coding!

Commit message:

Added the how to play, objective and flow chart section to read.me file

README.md, after:

# ROCK PAPER SCISSORS

Rock,paper, scissors is a python terminal based game which runs in the Code Institute mock terminal on Heroku.
The live website can be found here [RockPaperScissors Portfolio](https://gbemi-rock-paper-scissors.herokuapp.com/).
![Responsive](assets/images/rockpaper_mockup.png)

## How To Play
 - It is based on the traditional rock paper scissors game. A player who decides to play rock will beat another player who has 
 chosen scissors ("rock crushes scissors" or "breaks scissors" or sometimes "blunts scissors"), 
 - but will lose to one who has played paper ("paper covers rock"); 
 a play of paper will lose to a play of scissors ("scissors cuts paper"). 
 - If both players choose the same shape, the game is tied and is usually immediately replayed to break the tie. 


## Objective
- The goal is to create an interactive user site experience using a command line interface.

## Flow Chart
Using the website **LucidChart** the flow chart below simply described the flow process of the game.
![FlowChart](assets/images/Rock paper scissors flow chart project 3.png)
